HAVE NOTHING TO
DISCUSS WITH YOU.
NOT EVEN THE FORGE?
I ASSUME THAT'S
WHY YOU CAME HERE.
TO PROTECT IT FROM
PEOPLE LIKE ME.
GOOD GUESS.
YOU CAN FEEL IT. CAN'T YOU.
THE ENERGY OF THE 8 WEAPONS.
HMM.
CREDIT TO THE
ORIGINAL ARCHITECTS.
BUILDING A MONASTERY ON
TOP OF THE FORGE. CLEVER.
THE NIGHT I RAIDED THIS
PLACE. I HAD NO IDEA
THAT I WAS SO CLOSE
TO A SOURCE OF BIANGE.
WELL. THAT'S AS CLOSE
AS YOU'LL EVER GET.
- OH. IS THAT SO?
- YES.
YOU'RE OUTNUMBERED. ZHILAN.
THESE WOMEN WERE READY FOR YOU.
HMM. OH. I'M NOT HERE FOR THEM.
I'M HERE FOR YOU
TO ENTER THE FORGE.
"WARRIOR AND GUARDIAN
MUST CROSS TOGETHER"...
WORDS FROM THE SCROLL.
TURNS OUT. YOU'RE MY KEY INSIDE.
WHY WOULD I HELP YOU?
BECAUSE YOU'RE WEAK.
YOUR ATTACHMENTS MAKE YOU WEAK.
THEY MAKE YOU
VULNERABLE. LUCKY FOR ME.
I WARNED YOU. YOU'RE
NOT CUT OUT FOR THIS.
IT LOOKS LIKE A
VERY SPECIAL EVENT
AT 219 ASTOR STREET. A WEDDING?
HOW DID YOU GET THESE?
MY MEN ARE PARKED OUTSIDE
YOUR FAMILY'S HOME.
AND... REST ASSURED...
THEY'RE ARMED
WITH MUCH WORSE THAN
SPEARS AND SWORDS.
HMM. SOME SALMONS AND
CORALS SLIPPED THROUGH.
UH. YEAH. THIS ONE'S A NO.
THIS ONE. TOO.
THIS ONE'S BORDERLINE.
MM. BETTER SAFE THAN SORRY.
UH. GREAT. THANK YOU.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
JIN: CATERING. COME ON IN.
GO STRAIGHT BACK. COME
ON. COME ON. COME ON.
CATERING. IN THE
KITCHEN. PLEASE.
BABA. THE SILK CUSHIONS
FOR THE TEA CEREMONY.
WHAT?
WELL. NICKY WAS STORING
THEM IN YOUR BEDROOM CLOSET.
LOOK. I RACED OUT OF THERE.
MAMA WAS SINGING SO OUT OF TUNE.
HA HA HA.
IT'S STILL EARLY.
AND I HAVEN'T WARMED UP.
MA. YOU WEREN'T PRACTICING
FOR THE RECEPTION. WERE YOU?
ALTHEA SAID NO KARAOKE TONIGHT.
WE'LL SEE WHAT SHE SAYS
AFTER THE BAIJIU COMES OUT.
- OH! YOU...
- SHH SHH SHH SHH SHH SHH.
DAHONGPAO. LUNGCHING...
WHERE'S THE TIEGUANYIN?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN.
"WHERE'S THE TIEGUANYIN?"
UH... OH. YOU LOOK GREAT.
THANK YOU. BUT
PLEASE DON'T TELL ME
WE'RE MISSING DENNIS'
NAI NAI'S FAVORITE TEA.
HIS AUNT HAND-CARRIED THAT
ALL THE WAY FROM HONG KONG.
OK. UM...
UH. PO PO'S BEEN
SLAMMING TEA ALL MORNING.
I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS THAT TEA.
- OH. GOD.
- OH. NO. NO.
HEY. DON'T FREAK
OUT. I GOT THIS.
NICKY'S PLAYBOOK.
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY.
APPENDIX 6C.
EXTRA TEA IS IN THE
CABINET ABOVE THE FRIDGE.
[EXHALES]
OH...
NICKY SHEN SAVES THE DAY.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
HUH. A PUZZLE. CHARMING.
16 PANELS...
8 GUARDIANS. 8 WARRIORS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU WANT ME TO DO.
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO OPEN THIS.
IT TAKES TWO.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS START.
IT'S NOT SCIENCE. HARVARD.
IT'S INSTINCT.
AND YOU KNOW THAT.
SO STOP STALLING
UNLESS YOU WANT TO ADD
A FRESH SHADE OF RED
TO YOUR SISTER'S DRESS.
[CLICK]
[RATTLING]
[RUMBLING]
NOW YOU.
"ONLY WARRIOR AND
GUARDIAN MAY CROSS."
CALL OFF YOUR MEN.
I DID WHAT YOU ASKED.
I OPENED THE DOOR.
COME. THE FORGE...
WHERE THE WEAPONS WERE MADE.
WHERE THE SORCERERS
ENCHANTED THEM
1.500 YEARS AGO.
WHAT?
I DON'T FEEL ANYTHING.
DO YOU?
NO.
HUH. IT'S GONE.
THE ENERGY IS GONE.
THE ENERGY IS MISSING.
AH.
DID YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THIS?
HOW COULD I?
I JUST FOUND OUT
THIS PLACE EXISTS.
A BED? OF COURSE.
A SORCERER LIVED HERE.
PROTECTING THE FORGE.
A SORCERER LIKE
THE ORIGINAL MONK
WHO ENHANCED THE 8 WEAPONS?
I READ ABOUT THAT
IN ANCIENT TEXTS.
THEY HAD STUDENTS. DISCIPLES.
THEY LIVED MONASTIC LIVES.
LEARNING HOW TO DRAW BIANGE
ENERGY FROM THE EARTH.
HOW TO INFUSE IT INTO
VESSELS LIKE THE FORGE
AND FROM THE FORGE
INTO THE WEAPONS.
I ASSUMED THAT THEY DIED OUT.
BUT. APPARENTLY.
THE LINE LIVED ON.
AND ONE OF THEM WAS
LIVING HERE UNDERGROUND...
ZIQI. THE LAST OF HER KIND.
ONLY SHE WOULD HAVE THE SKILL
TO TAKE THE ENERGY FROM
THE FORGE TO HOLD IT.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
I SAW HER ONE NIGHT
TWO YEARS AGO IN THE COURTYARD.
I THOUGHT I WAS
IMAGINING THINGS.
BUT SHE...
I SAW A GREEN GLOW.
HUH.
BIANGE ENERGY.
HA HA! PEI-LING.
MY SISTER PAID ME A
VISIT TWO YEARS AGO.
SHE KNEW I HAD
DESIGNS ON THE SWORD.
ON BIANGE.
WHEN SHE RETURNED HERE. SHE
MUST HAVE RAISED THE ALARM.
THAT'S WHY ZIQI
PACKED UP THE FORGE.
THAT'S WHY SHE FLED.
HOW? ONE WOMAN. ALL THAT ENERGY.
THAT'S PART OF THE
SORCERER'S ART.
ONLY THEY HAVE THE
FOCUS AND TRAINING.
SHE HAS PRACTICED HER WHOLE LIFE
CULTIVATING THIS RARE
ABILITY TO HOLD A UNIVERSE
OF BIANGE ENERGY
INSIDE OF HERSELF.
SHE WOULD NEED TO
FIND A PLACE TO HIDE.
LIKE THIS CHAMBER. A
PLACE THAT WAS PEACEFUL.
UNDISTURBED. SILENT.
I NEED TO FIND PEI-LING'S
LITTLE STOWAWAY.
ONE OF YOUR SISTERS
MUST KNOW MORE.
ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
OK. IF ZIQI NEEDED
A QUIET PLACE.
A SANCTUARY TO KEEP
THE ENERGY SAFE.
I MIGHT KNOW WHERE SHE WENT.
PEI-LING USED TO
TELL ME OF A PLACE.
THE QUIETEST.
MOST TRANQUIL PLACE SHE KNEW...
THE RUINS OF AN ANCIENT TEMPLE
IN HENGDUAN MOUNTAINS.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
A GUESS AT BEST.
SHE MENTIONED THE EASTERN SIDE
OF THE RANGE NEAR A QUARRY.
- HARDLY NARROWS IT DOWN.
- I CAN FIND IT.
I JUST... I NEED YOUR PHONE.
JIN: AH. HEH HEH HEH.
OH. THEY. UM...
[SPEAKS CHINESE]
XIE XIE.
BABA. MAMA.
- [SPEAKS CHINESE]
- MM.
- HA HA HA!
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
[CONVERSATION IN CHINESE]
[VIBRATING CONTINUES]
RYAN. ON PHONE: HELLO?
RYAN. IT'S NICKY.
WHAT'S THIS NUMBER? ARE YOU OK?
I'M FINE. I JUST
NEED ALTHEA'S HELP.
IT'S A COMPUTER THING.
UH. IT'S SATURDAY.
ALTHEA'S TEA CEREMONY
IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
NICKY. ON PHONE: RYAN. PLEASE.
I NEED HER HELP.
LIKE. HELLA BAD.
JUST HAVE HER SNEAK
AWAY AND CALL ME BACK
ON THIS NUMBER. OK?
JIN: ALTHEA...
HEY. WHO WAS IT?
- UH. NICKY.
- RIGHT.
ALTHEA TOLD ME...
FOOD POISONING.
SUCKS SHE'S MISSING THE WEDDING.
YEAH. YEAH.
SHE'S DESPERATE
TO TALK TO ALTHEA.
BUT I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO
PULL HER AWAY FROM THAT.
LOOK. I OWE NICKY BIG TIME.
IF SHE REALLY NEEDS
TO TALK TO ALTHEA.
- IF IT'S AN EMERGENCY...
- IT IS.
OK. I GOT THIS.
PISSING OFF MY MOM.
KIND OF MY SPECIALTY.
ARE YOU SURE?
OH. MY GOODNESS! I'M SO SORRY!
I'M SO SORRY.
OH. DOES ANYBODY HAVE A TOWEL?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I'M SO. SO SORRY.
OH. MY GOODNESS.
- OH. I'M SO SORRY. I'M
SORRY. - DON'T WORRY.
HEY. NICKY CALLED.
SHE NEEDS YOUR HELP.
SHE'S IN TROUBLE.
THAT WAS ON PURPOSE?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
PO PO IS GONNA THINK
OUR MARRIAGE IS CURSED.
RELAX. THERE'S NO BROKEN GLASS.
IT'S NOT TEA-RELATED.
JUST FLOWERS.
OH. LIKE THAT DISTINCTION
MEANS ANYTHING TO PO PO.
YOU REALLY THINK THIS IS URGENT?
I MEAN. BY THE WAY THAT
NICKY WAS TALKING. YEAH.
ALSO. I THINK SHE SENT
ME A SECRET MESSAGE.
SHE SAID. "HELLA BAD."
WHEN WE WERE KIDS. WHEN
BULLIES WERE AFTER ME
AND I REALLY NEEDED NICKY
TO STAND UP TO THEM.
I WOULD SAY THINGS
WERE HELLA SERIOUS
OR... HELLA BAD.
OK. BUT. RYAN. THAT'S A STORY
ABOUT YOU BEING IN
TROUBLE. NOT NICKY.
MM.
WAIT. YOU THINK
SHE'S WARNING US?
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
THAT'S HER.
IF YOUR SISTER FAILS. SHE DIES
ALONG WITH THE REST
OF YOUR FAMILY.
- ALTHEA?
- NICKY.
HEY. I NEED YOUR HELP
FINDING SOMEONE...
A WOMAN NAMED ZIQI.
SHE'S LIVING IN THE
EASTERN HENDUAN MOUNTAINS
NEAR A QUARRY AT
SOME KIND OF TEMPLE
OR RUIN.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU'D HAVE BETTER
LUCK WITH A BLOODHOUND.
BLOODHOUNDS CAN'T
HACK SATELLITES.
ALTHEA: NEITHER CAN I.
WHAT ABOUT A WEATHER SATELLITE.
ANYTHING WITH AN OVERHEAD VIEW?
I CAN'T GET YOU AERIALS. BUT...
GIGAPING.
OH. IT'S A TEXTING APP.
IT'S HUGE OVERSEAS.
BUT IT HAS A TON
OF VULNERABILITIES.
OK. I CAN HACK
INTO THEIR SERVER.
COMB THEIR GEOTAGS.
GEOTAGS?
ALTHEA: LOCATION INFO OFF
PHOTOS... TOURIST SHOTS.
SELFIES. ANYTHING TAKEN
AROUND THOSE MOUNTAINS.
YEAH. DO THAT.
OK. THERE ARE A TON
OF USER PHOTOS...
NATURE SHOTS. PEOPLE HIKING.
NOT SURE HOW TO
NARROW THIS DOWN.
UH. TRY FLOWERS.
- FLOWERS?
- WHAT?
BIANGE BLOOMS.
UNTIL I SAW THESE DOWNSTAIRS.
I THOUGHT THEY WERE A MYTH.
WHEREVER BIANGE ENERGY
IS CONCENTRATED.
THESE FLOWERS BLOSSOM.
THEY DIED WHEN ZIQI
LEFT WITH THE ENERGY.
BUT IF SHE STILL HAS IT.
THEY MAY BE GROWING
WHERE SHE IS.
ALTHEA: NICKY. CAN YOU BE
A LITTLE MORE SPECIFIC?
THEY...
LONG. BRIGHT. PURPLE NEEDLES
WITH INSET FUSCHIA BUDS.
- WHO IS THAT?
- NO ONE.
CAN YOU LOOK FOR THE FLOWERS?
I'll ADD FLOWERS
TO THE TAG. BUT...
HUH.
THERE'S SOME SORT
OF MYSTERY BLOOM
IN A REMOTE PART
OF THE MOUNTAIN.
"BOTANICAL CURIOSITY THAT
EMERGED A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO."
SENDING YOU A PHOTO
AND COORDINATES.
PERFECT.
[BEEP]
- DID YOU GET IT?
- YEAH. GOT IT.
TIME TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
OK. THANK YOU.
ALTHEA. GOT TO GO.
[SIRENS]
[TIRES SCREECH]
MAN: OUT OF THE CAR.
LET'S SEE YOUR HANDS.
ON THE GROUND. ALL CLEAR. SIR.
[RADIO CHATTER]
- ARE YOU SURE?
- MM-HMM.
OKEY DOKEY.
DO YOU THINK SHE
UNDERSTOOD OUR CODE?
"OKEY DOKEY"?
I DON'T KNOW. I HOPE SO.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING UP HERE?
DID YOU SEE WHAT'S HAPPENING?
YEAH. CHLOE SAID
SHE'S REALLY SORRY.
NOT THAT. THERE
ARE COPS OUTSIDE.
THEY'RE MAKING SOME
KIND OF ARREST.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
[SIRENS CONTINUE]
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
OH...
[CLAPS]
I TOLD YOU. YOU TRY TO STOP ME.
YOUR FAMILY DIES.
ACTUALLY. I KNOW
MY FAMILY'S SAFE.
- SORRY.
- IMPOSSIBLE.
I HEARD EVERY WORD.
"OKEY DOKEY"... SHEN FAMILY CODE
FOR "THE BULLIES ARE GONE."
GUESS MY ATTACHMENTS
ARE ALSO MY STRENGTH.
YOU HAVE NO LEVERAGE. IT'S OVER.
HAVE YOU LEARNED NOTHING
FROM OUR ENCOUNTERS.
LITTLE MONK?
I DON'T NEED LEVERAGE
TO KICK YOUR ASS.
[GONG PEALING]
YOU BROUGHT BACKUP.
NO. WHOEVER'S OUT THERE.
THEY'RE NOT MY MEN.
SEEMS I'VE BEEN FOLLOWED.
BY WHO?
RUSSELL TAN.
- BIYU.
- HENRY. GO.
THE SISTERS. HELP THEM.
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
TAKE THE WEAPONS.
LET'S MAKE THIS QUICK.
[GONG PEALING]
WHAT ARE THEY WAITING FOR?
[RESPIRATORS WHEEZING]
[BOTH COUGHING]
- UH!
NICKY?
NICKY: I'M OK.
TAN'S MEN GOT THE WEAPONS.
WHERE DO YOU THINK
HE'S TAKING THEM?
IF I HAD TO GUESS. ZIQI.
ZHILAN'S GONE. I
SAW HER DRIVE OFF.
TAN. ZHILAN...
DOESN'T MATTER WHO
GETS TO ZIQI FIRST.
- WE HAVE TO STOP THEM.
- BUT HOW?
THEY'VE GOT A HEAD START.
AND WE DON'T EVEN HAVE A CAR.
WE HAVE A TRUCK.
[BEEP BEEP BEEP]
GOT SERVICE.
LIKE. 50 TEXTS FROM MY FAMILY.
[PHONE LINE RINGS]
NICKY. WHAT'S GOING ON?
NICKY. ON PHONE:
ARE YOU GUYS SAFE?
YEAH. EVAN HAD
THOSE GUYS ARRESTED.
LOOK. OK. I MIGHT LOSE
YOU GUYS IN A SECOND.
SO I NEED YOU TO
PROMISE ME SOMETHING.
WELL. WHAT?
PROMISE ME NOT TO WORRY.
PROMISE ME YOU'LL
HAVE AN AMAZING DAY.
A DAY THAT IS EVERYTHING
YOU PLANNED FOR.
ALTHEA. YOU AND
DENNIS DESERVE IT.
YOU ALL DESERVE IT.
- NICKY...
- PROMISE.
WE PROMISE.
OK. UM. LOVE YOU G...
[STATIC]
[BEEP BEEP]
OH.
OK. OK.
OK.
YOU HEARD YOUR SISTER.
PO PO'S GONNA
WONDER WHERE WE ARE.
COME ON. LET'S GO. COME ON.
RYAN: YEAH. SHE'S SPENDING
A LOT OF TIME WITH DENNIS.
SHE'S DEFINITELY TRYING
TO STEAL MY HUSBAND.
OH. YEAH.
IT'S TIME. LET'S GO.
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
THE SORCERER.
I TRUST YOU'VE BEEN
COMFORTABLE IN OUR CARE.
I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY TO YOU.
NOTHING HAS CHANGED.
YOU'RE MISTAKEN. ZIQI.
MUCH HAS CHANGED.
YOU CAN FEEL IT. CAN'T YOU?
I HAVE TOLD YOU.
THE WEAPONS...
THE ENERGY WITHIN.
THEY ARE NOT MEANT FOR YOU.
YOU ARE NOT WORTHY OF THAT P...
YOU WILL TRANSFER THE
ENERGY TO THE WEAPONS.
YOU WILL INITIATE BIANGE FOR ME.
THE ENERGY WANTS TO COME OUT.
IT WANTS TO BE FREE.
AND THESE WEAPONS WANT
TO BE CHARGED AGAIN.
[INHALES]
TAN: WHEN I FOUND YOU HERE
MONTHS AGO. I TOLD YOU.
THERE WOULD BE AN EASY
WAY AND A HARD WAY.
YOU CAN MAKE THIS
STOP RIGHT NOW.
RELEASE THE ENERGY.
AAH!
UH!
[PANTING]
WHAT IS IT?
I CAN FEEL IT... BIANGE.
IF YOU GIVE UP FREELY.
YOU MIGHT EVEN SURVIVE.
BIANGE IS COMING
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
NO.
VERY WELL.
IF YOU WON'T GIVE IT UP.
I'll HAVE TO TAKE IT.
ZIQI!
HUH! AGH...
NNGH!
- NO!
- ZIQI. NO.
- UH! HUH!
- AH!
THE WARRIOR.
WE NEED TO GET YOU HELP.
YOU ARE HERE. I CAN LET GO NOW.
WHAT? NO.
ZHILAN: HUH! UH!
HUH! UH!
AAH! AH!
AAH! UH! UH!
[BOTH MOANING]
- AAH! UH!
- UH!
[WIND WHISTLING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[VIBRATING]
HELLO?
EVAN. ON PHONE: HEY. NICKY.
I MISSED YOU LAST NIGHT.
EVAN?
JUST REMINDING YOU. I
PROMISED D.A. HUGHES
SHE'D FINALLY MEET MY
ROCK-STAR GIRLFRIEND.
FAIR WARNING. SHE'S
PROBABLY GONNA GRILL YOU
ABOUT HOW YOU PULLED OFF THE WIN
ON THAT KLYMER CASE.
[JOE WONG'S "ALWAYS
ALONE" PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
WONG: ♪ YOU'RE ALWAYS
IN THE ROOM. MY LOVE ♪
♪ WHEN THE DAY
TURNS TO GRAY... ♪
GOOD MORNING.
HEY. SOME EGGS IN
THE PAN. STILL WARM.
PAPA. YOUR EYE.
OH. THIS? IT'S NOTHING.
FELL OFF A LADDER.
NICKY. I WAS ON THE
PHONE WITH MRS. CHANG.
HER DAUGHTER EUNICE JUST GOT
PROMOTED AT HER LAW FIRM.
SHE SAID SHE'D HAVE
COFFEE WITH YOU.
GIVE YOU A FEW POINTERS.
IF YOU DON'T TAKE CARE
OF YOUR CAREER. WHO WILL?
MAMA. WHAT DAY IS IT?
WHEN DID I GET BACK
FROM THE MONASTERY?
MONASTERY? HA! WHAT MONASTERY?
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
HEY...
STAY WITH ME.
KERWIN.
YEAH.
HOW ARE YOU HERE?
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
WHAT DOES IT MATTER?
NO.
JUST STAY WITH ME. HEY.
NO. NO. I HAVE SOMEPLACE TO BE.
LOOK.
WHATEVER YOU'RE CHASING.
IT'S NOT MORE
IMPORTANT THAN THIS...
- NO. I HAVE TO GO.
- NO. DON'T GO.
I HAVE TO GO!
WELL. LOOK WHO FINALLY
DECIDED TO SHOW.
ACH. TRAFFIC WILL BE
BAD AT THE GOLDEN GATE.
I NEED TO GET GOING.
GOLDEN GATE? THE CLINIC'S.
LIKE. 5 BLOCKS AWAY.
UH. YOU KNOW I STOPPED
WORKING AT THE CLINIC.
WHAT? WHY?
UH. BECAUSE I'M DROWNING
IN MEDICAL-SCHOOL DEBT.
BESIDES. NOT LIKE I WAS
MAKING A DIFFERENCE
THERE. ANYWAY.
WHATEVER. I'M MAKING
BANK AT THE MEDSPA.
LATER. SIS.
ALTHEA: I DIDN'T
TELL YOU THIS. DIANA?
THE GALAPAGOS.
HA HA HA!
ALTHEA: I SET HIM STRAIGHT...
THE MALDIVES. NOT
SUBJECT TO NEGOTIATION.
HA HA HA!
NICKY. WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
COULD YOU JUST GIVE US A SEC?
- NICKY. WHAT ARE YOU...
- I NEED YOUR HELP.
SOMETHING HAPPENED IN
CHINA. SOMETHING BIG.
BIANGE GOT LOOSE. IT ZAPPED OUT.
I FELT IT HIT ME. AND
NOW I NEED TO FIND IT
BEFORE ZHILAN OR RUSSELL
TAN GET THEIR HANDS ON IT.
BUT I'M STUCK IN THIS
BIZARRE NIGHTMARE
WHERE I NEVER RAN
AWAY TO THE MONASTERY.
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
AND I COULD REALLY
USE YOUR HELP.
OH. YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
SORRY. SIS.
I SHOULD REALLY
GET BACK TO DIANA.
CALL ME LATER. THOUGH. OK?
I'M WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
WONG: ♪ YOU'RE ALWAYS IN
THE ROOM. MY LOVE... ♪
- HENRY.
- HEY.
SORRY. DO I KNOW YOU?
NO. GUESS YOU DON'T.
OK. I'M REALLY STARTING TO
HATE WHATEVER THIS PLACE IS.
[GASPS]
PEI-LING.
YOU LED ME TO THE PLACE
WHERE I KILLED YOU.
WHY?
OR ARE YOU STALLING.
SLOWING ME DOWN. HMM.
STOPPING ME FROM
CLAIMING WHAT IS MINE...
THE REST OF BIANGE?
NO. I AM TRYING TO REACH YOU.
I DO NOT BLAME YOU FOR ANYTHING.
YOU WERE SO YOUNG.
WHAT YOU ENDURED. WHAT YOU SAW.
YOU NEVER KNEW OUR MOTHER.
SHE NEVER HAD A CHANCE
TO TEACH YOU THE...
UH!
WHERE IS SHE?
WHERE IS NICKY?
SHE HAS THE REST
OF IT. THE ENERGY.
AND I WILL TAKE IT.
I KNOW DEEP DOWN.
AS HARD AS YOU FIGHT FOR IT.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT POWER.
IT'S ABOUT PAIN.
YOU THINK THAT POWER
IS THE ONLY THING
THAT CAN FILL YOU. THE ONLY WAY
TO ESCAPE YOUR
PAIN. BUT. SISTER.
NO ONE SHOULD HAVE
ALL THAT POWER.
THERE ARE OTHER WAYS.
HA HA HA! OH. LET ME GUESS.
PRAYER. MEDITATION. GOOD WORKS.
LOVE. YOU FELT LOVE.
THE TAN BOYS.
UH! ENOUGH!
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE TO CHANGE.
EVEN NOW. YOU STILL
HAVE A CHOICE.
I'VE MADE MY CHOICE.
NICKY: PEI-LING. WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I LED YOU HERE. NICKY.
I NEEDED YOU TO SEE
THIS PLACE AS IT WAS.
MAN: [MUTTERING]
ZIQI?
GUANGLI. THE FIRST SORCERER.
[MUTTERING CONTINUES]
I NEED YOUR HELP.
BIANGE. IT'S HAPPENING.
I KNOW. MY CHILD.
I NEED TO KNOW HOW TO
DESTROY THE ENERGY.
TO END BIANGE ONCE AND FOR ALL.
ARE YOU CERTAIN?
CERTAIN OF WHAT?
CERTAIN THAT IS
WHAT YOU TRULY WANT.
BIANGE IS INSIDE
YOU. BOTH OF YOU.
THEN WHAT IS THIS DREAM?
WHAT YOU SAW WAS A
LIFE WITHOUT BIANGE.
BIANGE IS NEITHER GOOD NOR EVIL.
IT CAN LEAD TO GREAT DESTRUCTION
BUT ALSO CHANGE.
IT IS THE SPARK
OF TRANSFORMATION.
THE WORLD NEEDS BIANGE.
YOU SAW PIECES OF YOUR FAMILY.
WHAT THEIR LIVES WOULD
BE WITHOUT THAT SPARK.
BEING A WARRIOR IS NOT
ABOUT WIELDING A WEAPON.
IT IS ABOUT THAT
DESIRE FOR CHANGE.
IT IS WHAT INSPIRED YOU
TO JUMP INTO MY TRUCK
YEARS AGO.
YOU KNEW I WAS A WARRIOR
ALL THAT TIME?
YES.
I KNEW YOU WERE NOT READY.
THAT YOU HAD TO MAKE
PEACE WITH YOUR FAMILY.
BUT... I REGRET I
WAITED TO TELL YOU MORE.
I THOUGHT...
I THOUGHT WE WOULD
HAVE MORE TIME.
ZHENG FU...
IT IS REALLY YOU?
HOW?
I ONCE TOLD YOU.
THERE ARE MYSTERIES
IN THE WORLD. MAGIC.
BINAGE MAKES MANY
THINGS POSSIBLE.
THE WORLD NEEDS THAT ENERGY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
DESTROYING BIANGE
IS THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE MY FAMILY.
TO END THIS CYCLE.
ALL THE STRUGGLE. THE VIOLENCE.
LOOK BEYOND THE DUALITY
OF GOOD AND EVIL. NICKY.
DO NOT FEAR IT. DO
NOT RUN FROM IT.
BUT IF IT'S WRONG TO
WIELD ALL OF BIANGE.
WRONG TO DESTROY IT. IF
THE WORLD NEEDS IT...
THEN BIANGE IS OUT NOW IN ME.
IN ZHILAN... ZHENG
FU WHAT DO I DO?
WHAT I ALWAYS TAUGHT YOU.
YOU MAKE YOUR OWN PATH. HMM...
YOUR OWN CHOICE.
ZHILAN: HELLO. LITTLE MONK.
- YAAH!
[GASPS]
THE POWER HAS CHOSEN US BOTH...
WARRIOR AND GUARDIAN.
- YOU'RE NO GUARDIAN.
- BIANGE DISAGREES. YAH!
HIYAH! HAH!
HUH! YAH! AH!
- NNGH!
- YAH! HUH!
- UH!
- UH! HAH!
- AH! HUH!
- UH!
UH! HUH!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
UH! HUH...
OH. COME ON. HARVARD.
YOU HAVE AN ANCIENT POWER
FLOWING THROUGH YOU.
USE IT. YOU SURPRISE ME.
THOUGHT I'D BEAT THE
FIGHT OUT OF YOU BY NOW.
BUT THERE'S ONE THING
STANDING BETWEEN ME
AND WHAT I CAME
FOR... YOUR LIFE.
HUH!
[COUGHS]
OH. HEH.
OH. THE ENERGY HAS
LEFT THE WEAPONS.
WE'RE THE VESSELS NOW.
[PANTING]
HUH!
[CRACKING]
NICKY: ZHENG FU. WHAT DO I DO?
IF THE WORLD NEEDS IT. THEN...
PEI-LING: MAKE YOUR OWN PATH.
UH! AH!
I DON'T WANT TO WIELD BIANGE.
I DON'T WANT TO
DESTROY IT. EITHER.
IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE EARTH.
AND I'M GOING TO SEND IT BACK.
NO ONE SHOULD HAVE
ALL THAT POWER.
BIANGE DOESN'T BELONG TO US.
IT BELONGS TO ME.
- YAH!
- UH!
[SHATTERS]
UH! UGH!
HUH! YAH! UH! HAH! HAH!
UH! UH...
[PANTING]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M DOING THE ONE
THING YOU CAN'T...
LETTING IT GO.
HUH...
UH! OH!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
- YAH!
- UH! UHH!
[COUGHS]
IT'S GONE... ALL OF IT.
[PANTING]
IT'S NOT GONE.
IT'S BACK OUT IN THE
WORLD WHERE IT BELONGS.
DO IT.
I HAVE NOTHING LEFT.
I'M NOT YOU.
ZHANG LE: ♪ PIAO YA PIAO YA PIAO
♪ PAIO YA XIANG XI TIAN
♪ DU GUO NA DAO YIN HE SHUI
♪ ZOU XIANG YUN CAI LI
♪ ZOU GUO NA GE YUN CAI GUO
♪ ZAI XIANG NA ER QU
♪ ZAI NA YAO YUAN DE DI FANG
♪ SHAN ZHE JIN GUANG
♪ CHEN XING SHI DENG TA
♪ ZHAO YA ZHAO DE LIANG
[LUCIUS' "UNTIL WE
GET THERE" PLAYING]
♪ WHAT DO YOU SAY?
♪ IS THIS THE TIME
♪ FOR ONE MORE TRY...
- MY BRAVE GIRL.
- PAPA.
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OK.
- NICKY?
- MAMA?
- MAMA.
- NICKY.
[INHALES]
[EXHALES]
IS IT OVER?
WE'RE SAFE.
ZHILAN'S NOT A THREAT. BUT
BIANGE. OUR BIRTHRIGHT.
I DON'T THINK
THAT'LL EVER BE OVER.
IT'S WHO WE ARE.
HOW ARE WE ON TIME?
CHECKED THE TRAFFIC.
ROADS ARE WIDE OPEN.
- GALAPAGOS IS A GO.
- EE!
[CHIME]
- WHO'S THAT?
- IT'S NICKY. SHE'S HOME.
I MEAN. SHE'S FEELING BETTER.
OK. I'M NERVOUS ABOUT
MISSING OUR FLIGHT.
BUT IS THERE A CHANCE
WE CAN SWING BY
JUST FOR -A QUICK HI/ -BYE?
OF COURSE.
HEY. LET BE GRAB
NICKY A SLICE OF CAKE.
NOW THAT SHE'S KEEPING
FOOD DOWN AGAIN.
SHE CAN AT LEAST
GET A LITTLE TASTE
OF THE WEDDING.
AWW. YOU'RE ALREADY
THE BEST HUSBAND.
[CHUCKLES]
[INHALES]
DENNIS. WAIT.
NICKY DIDN'T HAVE
FOOD POISONING.
SHE WAS IN CHINA.
HEH. WHAT?
THERE'S SOMETHING YOU NEED
TO KNOW ABOUT MY SISTER.
- HEY.
MM...
I HEARD THE WEDDING WAS A SMASH.
OH. SEE FOR YOURSELF.
MM.
YEP. SHE'S BREATHTAKING.
YEAH.
BINDER WAS CLUTCH. BY THE WAY.
MM-HMM. YOU'RE WELCOME.
HOW WAS RIDING SOLO?
NOT BAD AND NOT THAT SOLO.
HOOKED UP WITH ONE
OF DENNIS' GROOMSMEN.
OH. INTERESTING.
AH. SO YOU TOOK DOWN ZHILAN.
YEP. AND YOU WERE RIGHT.
IT WASN'T PHYSICS.
I FLEW AGAIN BUT. LIKE.
WAY HIGHER THIS TIME.
WHOA. SEE. YOU
YOU'RE JUST BRAGGING.
AND BIANGE?
TURNS OUT. IT
ISN'T GOOD OR EVIL.
BIANGE IS TRANSFORMATION.
AND THE WORLD NEEDS IT.
WHEN I WAS FIGHTING ZHILAN.
I REALIZED I DIDN'T
HAVE TO DESTROY IT.
I COULD USE IT WITHOUT
HOLDING ON TO IT.
I COULD LET IT GO.
SO I SENT IT OUT INTO THE WORLD.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT'S NOT IN ONE PLACE ANYMORE.
BUT IT'S ALSO NOT GONE.
WELL. SIS. SEE ANY MORE
FLYING IN YOUR FUTURE?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I KIND OF HAD TO
GIVE UP THE JUICE...
MM.
- BUT...
- WHAT?
SINCE IT HAPPENED.
SOMETHING IN ME FEELS...
DIFFERENT.
OH. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN...
SUPER STRENGTH. TELEKINESIS.
X-RAY VISION?
STAY TUNED.
GOT YOUR NOTE.
TOOK SOME WORK GETTING
AWAY FROM HUGHES.
COME WITH ME.
EVAN. WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
LOOK. I DON'T WANT
TO PLAY GAMES.
THE MAN I'VE BEEN LOOKING
INTO... RUSSELL TAN.
THE ONE WHO'S BEEN BUYING UP
HALF THE VACANT PROPERTIES IN
SAN FRANCISCO FOR SOME REASON...
FEW DAYS AGO. HE NEARLY
KILLED MY BEST FRIEND
IN CHINA.
FROM WHAT I'VE DUG UP.
HE'S NOT JUST BUYING
UP PROPERTIES.
HE'S BUYING UP PEOPLE...
POLITICIANS. AUTHORITIES.
OUR BOSS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE HAS
PLANNED IN THIS CITY.
BUT I CAN TELL
IT'S SOMETHING BIG.
AND I THINK YOU KNOW MORE.
SO YOU'RE GONNA TELL
ME EVERYTHING YOU KNOW
ABOUT RUSSELL TAN NOW.
RUSSELL: I TRIED TO
WARN YOU ABOUT ZHILAN.
NEITHER OF YOU
REALIZED THAT ALL THIS
WAS JUST ONE PART OF
A MUCH BIGGER PUZZLE.
SHE MAY BE FINISHED.
BUT I'VE JUST STARTED.
NICKY SHEN DOESN'T KNOW IT YET.
THERE'S A GIRL OUT THERE.
A YOUNG WOMAN. HER COUSIN.
SHE IS THE DAUGHTER OF A
WARRIOR AND A GUARDIAN.
I'VE KEPT TABS ON
HER OVER THE YEARS.
WAITING. WATCHING
FOR THE RIGHT MOMENT.
NOW THAT THE WEAPONS
ARE GONE AND BIANGE
IS FREE. WITHOUT A HOME.
IT IS TIME.
SHE IS THE KEY TO EVERYTHING.
- HOW'S YOUR FAMILY?
- GOOD.
DON'T THINK THEY
REALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT HAPPENED IN CHINA.
BUT THEY SAID
THEY'RE PROUD OF ME.
HOW'S YOUR ARM?
BETTER. OUR SCARS MATCH NOW.
SO WHAT NOW?
WELL. MY SISTER AT THE
MONASTERY ARE SAFE.
PEI-LING'S KILLER'S IN JAIL.
THE WEAPONS ARE
BURIED OR DESTROYED.
AND BIANGE IS BACK IN THE WORLD.
I KNOW THE FIGHT'S NOT
OVER. BUY BEYOND THAT.
NO IDEA WHAT'S NEXT.
NICKY SHEN WITHOUT A PLAN?
EXCUSE ME. WHO SAYS
I DON'T HAVE A PLAN?
- I HAVE A PLAN.
- OH. YEAH? WHAT?
JASMINE MILK TEA. HALF-SWEET.
EXTRA BOBA.
YOU KNOW ME SO WELL.
FAYE WONG: [SINGING
"DREAMS" IN CHINESE]
MAN: GREG. MOVE YOUR HEAD!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-